[Android Auto] Simplify search implementation (#6165)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android: libnavui-androidauto/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased
#### Features
#### Bug fixes and improvements

> - Add `CarPlaceSearchOptions` to `MainCarContext` so that place search can have a stable api. [#6165](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6165)
> - Delete `MapboxCarSearchApp` because it is no longer needed.
> - Replace `CarSearchEngine` with `CarPlaceSearch` and move the implementation to public internal package. [#6165](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6165)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `CarPlaceSearchOptions` to `MainCarContext` so that place search can have a stable api. [#6165](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6165)
- Deleted `MapboxCarSearchApp` because it is no longer needed. [#6165](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6165)
- Replaced `CarSearchEngine` with `CarPlaceSearch` and move the implementation to public internal package. [#6165](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6165)
```
